# Homework assignment 10
## Screenshots 

Each screenshot should be named as q1.png, q1.png, q3.png and q4.png.

### Question 1.
Write a program to find prime numbers from 3 to n in a loop by dividing the number n by all numbers from 2..n/2 in an inner loop.  Determine if n is divisible by any number by creating your own remainder function or via some other means. You are not permitted to use any form of mod or rem operator. If n is divisible, leave the inner loop. If the limit of n/2 is reached and the inner loop has not been exited, the number is prime and you should output the number. So if the user were to enter 25, your program would print out "3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23".

The program that handles this question is named **is_prime_q1.s** and should be compiled with the command:

```bash
gcc -o is_prime_q1 is_prime_q1.s
./is_prime_q1

```

### Question 2.
Write a program to prompt the user for a number, and determine if that number is prime. Your program should print out "Number n is prime" if the number is prime, and "Number n is not prime if the number is not prime. The user should be able to enter a "-1" to end the problem. It should print an error if 0, 1, 2 or any negative number other than -1 are entered.

The program that handles this question is named **is_prime_q2.s** and should be compiled with the command:

```bash
gcc -o is_prime_q2 is_prime_q2.s
./is_prime_q2

```

### Question 3.

Write a program to allow a user to guess a random number generated by the computer from 1 to maximum (the user should enter the maximum value to guess). In this program the user will enter the value of maximum. The user will then enter guesses and the program should print out if the guess is too high or too low until the user guesses the correct number. The program should print out the number of guesses the user took.

The program that handles this question is named **is_prime_q3.s** and should be compiled with the command:

```bash
gcc -o is_prime_q3 is_prime_q3.s
./is_prime_q3

```

### Question 4.


Write a program to guess a number chosen by the user. In this program a user will choose a secret number from 1..maximum. The program will prompt the user for the maximum value, which the user will enter. The program will then make a guess as to the value of the secret number, and prompt the user to say if the actual number is higher, lower, or correct. The computer will then guess another number until it guesses the correct secret number. The program should use a binary search to narrow its guesses to select its next guess after each attempt.

The program that handles this question is named **is_prime_q4.s** and should be compiled with the command:

```bash
gcc -o is_prime_q4 is_prime_q4.s
./is_prime_q4
```